Better organize the list of GTM/GA4 supported events (#446)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/vtex-io/Storefront-Guides/google-tag-manager/vtex-io-documentation-setting-up-google-tag-manager.md

Reviewer: Thanks, Filipe! 💯 
So, for the [line 39](https://github.com/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content/pull/446/files#diff-2aed98d09c3a82d00be5d734247dc8d31d44e6b6f589d1ab3d0fb69be9fcbf69R39), the new image would be this one:
```
![import-container](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/new-ga4-tags-variables___b2619df57689429d97a8abd56a5f7d83.png)
```

Author: Thanks for uploading the new image! I've updated the documentation accordingly [here](https://github.com/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content/pull/446/commits/3aec0af3b84302e3ae8667507415258351ee7109).

Check out the available events that [Pixel Apps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/pixel-apps) can listen to and their equivalent names in UA and GA4:

> | VTEX                   | UA                                                                                              | GA4                                                                                                                                      |

Author: [Preview](https://github.com/filipewl/dev-portal-content/blob/fix/ga4-docs/docs/vtex-io/Storefront-Guides/google-tag-manager/vtex-io-documentation-setting-up-google-tag-manager.md) output for these changes:

![CleanShot 2023-05-11 at 14 09 47@2x](https://github.com/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content/assets/381395/90bdf9a8-306e-4e93-ae95-159fb80fd88f)

| vtex:addToWishlist     | Not applicable                                                                                  | [add_to_wishlist](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/ga4/reference/events?client_type=gtm#add_to_wishlist)     |

### Partially-supported events

The following events are not fully supported yet. Although the GTM app will listen and format them into GA4, their VTEX event triggers have not been implemented yet:

| VTEX        | GA4                                                                                                                  |
|-------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| vtex:login  | [login](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/ga4/reference/events?client_type=gtm#login)     |
| vtex:signUp | [sign_up](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/ga4/reference/events?client_type=gtm#sign_up) |

> ## Container Template Changelog
> 
> This section contains the changes history of the container template file. The most current version can be downloaded in the [Setting up GA4 events](#step-1-setting-up-ga4-events) section.
> 
> ### [1.1.0] - 2023-05-11
> 
> ### Refactored
> 
> - Organized the tags, triggers, and variables in a single "GA4" folder and followed a naming standard.
> 
> ### [1.0.0] - 2023-05-03

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Container template file changelog

This section contains the changes history of the container template file. The latest version can be downloaded in [Step 1 - Setting up GA4 events](#step-1-setting-up-ga4-events).

### 2023-05-11

### Refactored

- Organized the tags, triggers, and variables in a single "GA4" folder and followed a naming standard.

### 2023-05-03
```

Reviewer 2: Não sei se vale a pena incluir esse número da versão, já que não é possível conferir essa info em nenhum local do arquivo. Talvez possa acabar gerando confusão...

Dependendo, acho que vale a pena criarmos Release Notes para essas alterações e adicionarmos os links nesta seção.

Author: Boa! Pensei depois que poderíamos colocar o número da versão no nome do arquivo `public/container-template.json` do https://github.com/vtexdocs/devportal.
